docs: add FAQ and docs around `verbatimModuleSyntax` and similar options (#10588)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-require-imports.mdx

>
> See **https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-require-imports** for documentation.

Depending on your TSConfig settings and whether you're authoring ES Modules or CommonJS, TS may allow both `import` and `require()` to be used, even within a single file.

> This rule enforces that you use the newer ES6-style `import`s over `require()`.

Reviewer: Updating this too to make it more clear:

```suggestion
This rule enforces that you use the newer ES Modules `import`s over CommonJS `require()`.
```

:::info

> We do not have a rule to enforce the use of `require()` over `import`.

Author: I'm on the fence about this section. For one, _I_ recommend that you use `verbatimModuleSyntax` with CJS, but the TS docs contradict themselves on this recommendation. For two - the existence of `verbatimModuleSyntax` isn't necessarily a reason that no rule preferring `import x = require()` should ever exist (a la `no-unused-vars`). 

But, I fear that leaving it off entirely implicitly communicates that `require()` should never be used, which I disagree with. I have come to opine that `import x = require()` syntax is right and proper if you're intentionally writing CJS (with or without the additional guarantees of `verbatimModuleSyntax`).

So I'm not sure what's best here.

Reviewer: I like the note, but it's surprisingly high up in the file for something only relevant to a decreasing number of projects. My vote would be to keep its contents but move them down to a standalone section near the bottom. Maybe something like `## Usage in CommonJS Projects`?

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Usage with CommonJS

While this rule is primarily intended to promote ES Module syntax, it still makes sense to enable this rule when authoring CommonJS modules.

> If you prefer to use TypeScript's ES Module syntax, which is transformed to `require()` calls during transpilation when outputting CommonJS, you can simply use the rule's default behavior.

Reviewer: [Phrasing] _"ES Module syntax"_ isn't known to everyone, and _"simply"_ accidentally implies easiness.

```suggestion
If you prefer to use TypeScript's built-in `import ... from ...` ES Module syntax, which is transformed to `require()` calls during transpilation when outputting CommonJS, you can use the rule's default behavior.
```
